## Summary
I have decided to also add my health goals to this as well since this has basically became a journal. I absolutely crushed the training videos yesterday for the OSINT certification but I believe it is because the information got a bit repetitive and in essence it was "You got some information google dork it or look for a tool"

My goal is to finish the #OSINT training tonight and possibly start the certification challenge tomorrow night.

## Learning Goals
##### OSINT Automation Foundations
- [x] Website OSINT Tools
- [x] Automating Website OSINT

##### Course Challenege
- [x] Course Challenge
- [x] Course Challenge Walkthrough

##### Case Studies
- [x] Case Studies Introduction
- [x] Case Study: The Final Hours of Pop Smoke
- [x] Case Study: Influencer Home Tours
- [x] Case Study: Cooking Tutorials
##### OSINT Report Writing
- [x] Writing an OSINT Report

##### Conclusion and Additional Resources
- [x] Conclusion

## Health Goals
- [x] Get 10,000 steps
- [x] Track Calories
- [ ] Go to sleep by 11pm 

## Notes From The Day
- Your OSINT research is very much up to you and your tenacity  to keep coming at the challenge from multiple angles.
- OSINT is creepy but necessary. Being able to help track down missing people or help people before a bad actor does is an important thing.
- The internet is a wonderful and horrifying thing and people will be able to find you if they hate you enough.
- I think the value of learning OSINT or working on this training before moving on to the more technical certifications was smart and would be smart for anyone that is not into technology yet. OSINT teaches you to come at problems from multiple angles and just because you think you have an answer it does not mean you do have one, keep digging until you are certain or place it in a pile of possibilities. 

## Daily Recap
I have finished my OSINT training videos and look forward to taking the certification exam especially since it will be my first practical exam as well as first cyber security certification.


---
[[OSINT]]