## Journal
After debating whether or not I should go get a network certification first or at least take a deep course on networking I decided to keep just continuing with the PJPT course. At the end I think I might learn more about networking on the areas highlighted but I feel like a whole networking training might be overkill.

## Daily Learning Recap

This was a few hours of me trying my hardest to focus on networking but in the end feeling like I sat there and watched a video for the sake of sitting here and watching a video. Not the best day but I might hold off on the networking portion until after a challenge or something. Mostly the CIDR video mostly just bonked my brain.
## Raw Notes
- Ip addresses are Layer 3 MAC address is layer 2
- MAC stands for Media Access Control
	- first three pairs of the MAC address tells you the manufacturer.
- NIC - Network interface card
- Mac Layer 2 - The hats switching
- Layer 4 - transport layer
	- TCP vs UDP
	- TCP = Tranmission Control Protocol
	- UDP = User Datagram protocol
	- TCP - Good high reliability like a website or FTP or SSH
	- UDP - connectionless think streaming video or zoom
- TCP 3 way handshake
	- SYN > SYN ACK > ACK
	- Syn 
		- Hey I want to connect on port 443
	- SYN ACK
		- if open... hey connect why not. when you are ready send the ack
	- Ack
		- I am the ack
- Common Ports and Protocols
	- Telnet - log into a machine remotely - SSH is the secure way
	- Port 445/139 SMB is the most common port you will deal with as a pentester.
	- I Should know DHCP
- OSI Model 
	- 1 - Physical - data cables, cat6
	- 2 - Data - Switching, MAC addresses
	- 3 - Network - Routing and IP Address
	- 4 - Transport - TCP/UDP
	- 5 - Session - session management
	- 6 - Presentation - WMV, JPEG, MOV
	- 7 - Applications - HTTP, SMTP
	- PDNTSPA
		- Please Do Not Throw Sausage Pizza Away
- Subnetting
	- This was another language to me. Need to supliment this knowledge
	- "This is going to be confusing" - Yes
	- Need to find a more clear understanding of subnetting
	- learn CIDR NOTATION
	- LOOK INTO THIS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxAwQB8TZsM

---
[[Networking]] [[PJPT]] 