## Summary 

Today I will be continuing down the #OSINT certification rabbit hole. I generally set my goals for the night when I wake up. The website OSINT part is a total of ~45 minutes which is a bit lower then my 1 hour a day goal so I added the video after the Website section as a bonus. If I am too tired then I will skip it.

## Todays Tech Learning Goals

- [x] Website OSINT Part 1
- [x] Website OSINT Part 2
- [x] Website OSINT Part 3
- [x] Bonus: Hunting Business information
- [x] Bonus: Wireless OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Building an OSINT Lab part 1
- [x] Bonus: Building an OSINT Lab Part 2
- [x] Bonus: Working with OSINT tools Intro
- [x] Bonus: Image and Location OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Hunting emails and breached data
- [x] Bonus: Username and account OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Hunting emails and breached data
- [x] Bonus: Username and account OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Phone Number OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Social Media OSINT
- [x] Bonus: Exploring OSINT Frameworks
- [x] Bonus: Other Tools


## Todays Learning notes

- [Centralops.net](Centralops.net) is pretty great for passive information gathering. Especially for read team data gathering
- https://web-check.as93.net/ seems like a website that you can get to comfortable using.
- [SHODAN LOOKS INSANELY CREEPY](shodan.io).
- [Wigle](Wigle.net ) is the gold standard for Wireless OSINT - even though it is not much of a thing anymore.
- exiftool - linux tool
- Hunch.ly - pricey but worth it if you do OSINT full time

## Key Takeaways

I feel like a lot of today was information I already kind of knew or was very tool heavy. Like they mention I should not be tool dependent since tools can come and go so if I have a piece of information I need to gather more information on then I can google dork a tool or site I need.

I think I will be able to do the certification by the end of the week. Might need to redo the front part of this class so I can get those notes in here and that was also the most new info heavy section for me.

--- 
Link Tagging for todays notes: [[OSINT Tools]], [[OSINT]]