## Journal

I forgot I have my Kubernetes Administrator certification that I need to get done that expire in a few months I have decided to pause my cyber security certifications to complete this one first. Will brush me up on my Linux anyways

## Learning Recap

Kodekloud is interesting. I feel like it tells you instead of teaches you. I think they would benefit from having the trainings use more analogies or ways to explain thing. Its like a firehouse that assumes you know how to ingest it.

this training has confirmed that i just need to go get intimate with the /etc directory

#todo get intimate with the /etc directory on linux

I am not sure how much I digested tonight will be relavant for the CKA certification but I am trying to go along for the ride and trust in the process.

maybe I am just pouting because I want to work on cyber security certifications.
## Raw Notes
- Linux commands
	- du -sk test.img
		- disk use in killabytes
	- du -sh test.img
		- human readable
	- du -lh
		- long list with size
	- tar (tape archive) 
		- makes archives... I just always assumed this was just zipping
		- tar -c
			- create an archive
		- tar -cf
			- f adds the name of the file to be created
		- tar -tf
			- see contents of the tar ball
		- tar -xf
			- extract the contents of the tarball
		- tar -z
			- compress the size of the tarball
	- Compressing
		- bzip2
			- bunzip2
		- gzip
			- gunxip
		- xz
			- unxz
	- You can sometimes view zipped files 
		- zcat
		- bzcat
		- xzcat
	- Searching in Linux
		- find can replace locate command
		- grep allows you to search within a file
			- grep -i --- Makes the search case insensitive
			- grep -r --- Searches for a pattern recursively in a directory showing the file it belongs to
			- grep -v -- lists all lines that don't have a particular string
			- grep -w will only print the line with the whole word you are searching for.
			- grep -A --- print lines after a match number has to be after the A
			- grep -B --- print lines before a match number has to be after the B
		- IO Redirection
			- STDIN
			- STDOUT
				- to redirect to a file use ">" It will replace the contents
				- To nor replace the contents but to append it use double arrows ">>"
			- STDERR
				- "2>" to redirect the errors - will whipe
				- "2>>" append
				- "/dev/null" send errors here if you dont want them printed on the screen
			- Command line pipes (Linking of multiple pipes)
				- "|" use multiple commands
				- "| tee" - the stdout is printed on the screen before being placed in file
				- "| tee -a" appends it to the file instead
		- Networking
			- "/etc/hosts" 
				- Forward All to 8.8.8.8 will point all names to the internet.
			- "cat /etc/resolv.conf"
				- see the ip address of the DNS server in this system
			- "/etc/nsswitch.conf"
				- name server config
			- Switching
				- I zoned out here.


---
[[CKA]] [[Linux]] [[Linux Commands]] [[Networking]]