### Summary

The learning goal for today is simply to complete the social media portion of TCM's OSINT certification section. Since my wife is going back to college my learning time is cut to just right after the kids go to bed which will make certifications take longer sadly and that is essentially all the free time I will have.

I keep jumping back and forth on how I want to go about getting certifications but I think I need to streamline it since we are also on a budget.

### Tech Learning TO-DO list
- [x] Twitter OSINT Part 1
- [x] Twitter OSINT Part 2
- [x] Facebook OSINT 
- [x] Instagram OSINT Part 1
- [x] Instagram OSINT Part 2
- [x] Snapchat OSINT 
- [x] Reddit OSINT
- [x] LinkedIn OSINT
- [x] TikTok OSINT

### Notes from todays learning
- [Twitter(X) has an advance search](https://x.com/search-advanced)
- You can geolocate search on X / Twitter
- Since Twitter became X its interactions have gone down and tools for the platform have died due to API billing.
- Facebook OSINT is hard to keep up with since its kind of a Cat and Mouse game
- Phone app is much better to use than the web app for Instagram.
- Just google things instead of going to to the actual sites? I feel like Heath might just be making these videos for the hell of it.
- Do not underestimate reddit for OSINT research
- The tiniest shreds of information, regardless of what its is, could make what you think is an anonymous username identifiable.
- Can get your account banned for trying to random connect with people on Linked in. There are users on there that are called LION (LinkedIn Open Networking) they will be open to connect. This might be valuable information for Sock Puppet farming. #Revisit 

#### Key Take Aways From Todays Learning
- Social media is constantly evolving in privacy and features. Being reliant on certain tools or certain features of a a social media platform could make your life harder.
- Never automate social media OSINT. This was not mentioned but the fact that API's and access to certain information may not be doable even in a few weeks makes the building of the tool not worth it.
- Sometimes you should just google it.

### Random thoughts / Things that stuck with me today
- I should start farming some Sock Puppets
- Listening to a Bug Bounty Hunting podcast while I was mowing yesterday two very seasoned experts were talking about sticking to spending at least 40 hours on a platform. This is something I need to remind myself when I get to that point.

--- 
Link tagging for todays notes
[[OSINT]], [[Social Media]], [[Bug Bounty]], [[Sock Puppet]]
